= ArTeX: TeX/PDF Generation for Ruby

Project homepage (FAQ, manual, documentation, contact info): http://github.com/avarteq/artex

Source repository at: http://github.com/avarteq/artex

== Dependencies

* pdflatex executable, available in modern teTeX distributions
* Requires Ruby

== Motivation
This gem has been forked from the rtex gem (http://github.com/bruce/rtex).
RTeX can be used either as stand alone executable or as a rails plugin.
Using it as rails plugin means to create PDF files using the rails rendering engine.
This will bring you in trouble if you don't want to generate your PDF files within controllers.
In contrast to that ArTeX has no dependencies on ActionPack and thus can also be used in models.

We'll keep on updating the gem and we'll try to provide some examples in the future.
Besides of that the code will be iteratively cut down, rewritten and enhanced.

 
== License

  (The MIT License)

  Copyright (c) 2006-2010 Bruce Williams, Wiebe Cazemier, Julian Fischer

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
  a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
  'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
  without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
  distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
  permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
  the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
  CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
  TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
  SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.